okay here we go welcome to yonder a
wonderful development it has all you'd
need and all you'd want number nine
number nine is not a starter home this
house is forever leave for a boy do you
have children
no it's not exactly what we're looking
for that guy was so strange
yeah wait no no I don't think this is
the right way yeah this is where we came
in
number nine again did we just do some
kind of loop have we just a meteorite
such a check cuz I think this is not
possible
the can't make turns like this over and
over we have gone this way Tom Oh weird
[Music]
what's happening
maybe they'll let us go what if they
don't totally sway City should we just
sit here and wait to die
it's a boy
a little tempo guitar again you don't be
afraid to be young and free cocktail box
and throw away the keys and we wanted
was a hug
you are home
[Music]
creepy little mutant
[Applause]
[Music]